[feature] allow for an odd number of erasure packs (#9221)
Minio-io/minio: docs/distributed/DESIGN.md

- We limited the number of drives to 16 for erasure set because, erasure code shards more than 16 can become chatty and do not have any performance advantages. Additionally since 16 drive erasure set gives you tolerance of 8 disks per object by default which is plenty in any practical scenario.

> - Choice of erasure set size is automatic based on the number of disks available, let's say for example if there are 32 servers and 32 disks which is a total of 1024 disks. In this scenario 16 becomes the erasure set size. This is decided based on the greatest common divisor (GCD) of acceptable erasure set sizes ranging from *4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Choice of erasure set size is automatic based on the number of disks available, let's say for example if there are 32 servers and 32 disks which is a total of 1024 disks. In this scenario 16 becomes the erasure set size. This is decided based on the greatest common divisor (GCD) of acceptable erasure set sizes ranging from *4 to 16*.
```
